down what's with the jeans like a drum
do you think that's like weights like it
my drumset oh my god what a great idea
yeah where you gonna play them I don't
know I'll put them next to my turntables
and just kind of go back and forth how
about in the baby's room
you know you always joke like that that
everything we get has to be in the
baby's room why can't I set them up
somewhere else where I'm in that sitting
room downstairs yeah that sounds like
fun you know
what do you think yeah I don't want to
dream crush you so far everything that I
say I want to do you go like oh god you
got it I'm just that dream crusher wife
yeah I never say no to you say that to
my turntables oh that's different
why is that different there's the only
reason I discourage DJ dad mouth DJ
Polly bye dad mouth is cuz you've
already got a successful career in
stand-up and now you're gonna embark on
a second career yeah yeah yeah are you
saying why does it have to be a career
not like something I just enjoy doing
again yeah go ahead
you're always like you already have a
career right so I can't do it for not a
career you can do do whatever the fuck
you want no one cares you're looking in
the baby you're gonna leave we're gonna
go down and see what well nobody wants
to hear you DJ in the house and what if
I wanted nobody wants it but I want if
you a DJ was just headphones on quietly
in another house that would be fine why
don't do another house I want to hear
fuckin huge speakers what yeah yeah why
can't listen with my headphones on I'm
dying yeah
God your stunt you are such a dream
crusher but dream crush City right here